Use weak tables in tree-sitter code (#17117)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/lua.txt

    Return: ~
        (table) Table of copied keys and (nested) values.

defaulttable({create})                                    *vim.defaulttable()*
    Creates a table whose values are automatically created when missing.

    They are kind of like defaultdicts in python

    Parameters: ~

>         {create}  The function called to create a missing value

Reviewer: Can we allow this to be `nil` which just means `function() return {} end`?

Author: Sounds reasonable.

Author: Maybe it could be even better to do `vim.defaulttable` as the default `create` function.
This way one can do as you suggested.

Author: Done

    Return: ~
        (table) Table of copied keys and (nested) values.

> defaulttable({create})                                    *vim.defaulttable()*

Reviewer 2: we have `vim.empty_dict`. We should try to use consistent naming. Unless this also supports list-like tables, I guess `default_dict` is preferrable?

Author: As you wish, but we also have `tbl_*`, so the correct option is not clear to me.

I kind of prefer the `defaulttable` as it is closer to lua terms.

Reviewer: `vim.empty_dict` is for use with the viml bridge as vim has dictionaries. Lua does not have dictionaries, it has tables so this is the naming we should use.

Reviewer 2: @lewis6991 not super clear which name you're in favor of. This `defaulttable()` concept doesn't apply to list-like tables, so shouldn't we name it `defaultdict()` ?

Reviewer 3: I think we could be better in general in the Lua API (especially `vim.tbl_*`) in distinguishing
* list-like (integer-indexed, may have holes)
* array-like (integer-indexed, must start at 1 and not have holes)
* dict-like (key-indexed)
tables.

May be worth a general cleanup PR.

Reviewer: Pretty sure this does work for list-like tables.

```lua
A[1][1][1] = 1
```

Should work.

Reviewer 3: Sorry, yes, I went from memory. (Forgot the definition in the Lua docs, which should take precedence.)

Thanks for linking the PR, which I meant to do.

>     Creates a table whose values are automatically created when missing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Creates a table whose members are automatically created when accessed, if they don't already exist.
```

This might be useful for faking a [null-coalescing](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Nullish_coalescing_operator) style
